Clean up formatting in tournament articles (#5861)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/112/Summer_2019/en.md

- Tiebreaker
  - **[Halozy – Paranoid Lost (Hakurei Yoru) \[Soda’s Lunatic\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/440925#osu/964622)**

> ### Qualifiers stage

Reviewer: Super nitpicky, but you refer to it as just "Qualifiers" above, instead of "Qualifiers stage"
https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/5861/files#diff-b0dd353174837641fb7324cc878b6c0a649fdb98cb7af1ea15681719ef0aa294R19

### Stage instructions

1. In the Qualifier stage, each seed will have a specific pool designed by the map selectors.

> 2. The pool will contain 4 brackets: NoMod, [Hidden](/wiki/Game_Modifiers), [HardRock](/wiki/Game_Modifiers), [DoubleTime](/wiki/Game_Modifiers). There will not be a tiebreaker for this stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The pool will contain 4 brackets: NoMod, [Hidden](/wiki/Game_Modifier/Hidden), [Hard Rock](/wiki/Game_Modifier/Hard_Rock), [Double Time](/wiki/Game_Modifier/Double_Time). There will not be a tiebreaker for this stage.
```

### Mappool instructions

1. There will be a new mappool for every stage.

> 2. Each mappool consists of 5 brackets: NoMod, [Hidden](/wiki/Game_Modifiers), [HardRock](/wiki/Game_Modifiers), [DoubleTime](/wiki/Game_Modifiers) and FreeMod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Each mappool consists of 5 brackets: NoMod, [Hidden](/wiki/Game_Modifier/Hidden), [Hard Rock](/wiki/Game_Modifier/Hard_Rock), [Double Time](/wiki/Game_Modifier/Double_Time) and FreeMod.
```
